third brother
I ask you
The First Prince's rebellion
Did you arrange it?
Third brother, you know it all
Then do you think my chance
I ask you
Where is big brother
Where are you sorry?
Make you so intolerant of him
Ah, you know that big brother is soft-tempered
And forced him to rebel
Force him to die
third brother
how
Big brother is dead
Do you want me to pay for his life?
third brother
Aren't these all what you want?
You want to sit on the throne
That stupid king is so eccentric
How can big brother not die?
Concubine Ji, Concubine Ji has not always thought
Let the big brother force the father's work?
Big brother doesn't have the guts
Then I'll give him a push.
Now.
Even if that dim lord is biased again
Must not be guaranteed
he
Now you're dead.
Your only obstacle is gone
how
Are you unhappy?
You fart
I never wanted my brother to die
You know the lotus seed soup that Father drank
Why? Is it poisonous?
Because the poison was eaten by the father himself
at night
Where is the big brother a threat to us?
Growing up, he helped us with everything he could.
Without him
Can you live until now?
How can you bear it?
You
Do you have no heart?
Ahahaha
Hahahaha
Ha ha.
third brother
You know
You know, in order to get to where I am today
How much did I pay?
Why do you think I killed them?
To save China
Or to save those so-called common people?
third brother
It was your dream.
That's not mine.
I'm back here now.
Just to fulfill your dreams
Third brother, in order to fulfill your dream
How many people died
What's up?
Hahaha
Even if the whole world dies
I will do it too